# README #

APP for the MadC competition - Team Solis

### CleanSea ###

Here in Brazil we are known to have beautiful and warm beaches but the truth is, it’s not true. Maybe our most famous beaches are actually beautiful and great, but as a country that is mostly close to the ocean, we have many more beaches that are unfortunately compromised. Here we have the awful habit to throw our city’s sewer into the rivers and, at least here in Salvador Bahia, every single river is completely unfit to human contact. Because every river meets the ocean, many beautiful beaches are also unfit to human contact, as they receive the pollution that we throw. Sometimes the water gets a brown color, specially when it rains, and some unaware people that go to the beach to have fun ends up with diseases because of high levels of ‘Escherichia coli’, a bacteria commonly found in human intestines. To avoid that the best option is to avoid those beaches. But how can we know for sure which beach is good to go? We have that information available at a government organ database, but it is hard to access and most people don’t know about it. Actually, I never met anyone that knew about it. So with this app I intend to provide the best way to start fighting this situation: information and education. The app gets the data from government database and provide users with useful information. On the main screen we have every single beach name of Salvador Bahia in a form of list separated by regions, so the user can choose one and check if it’s safe to go take a dive. On the second screen it presents a map with pins on every beach, the good ones are blue and the bad ones are red, so the users can be sure that the beaches closer to them are nice and clean or not. On the last screen the user can see the numbers of beaches divided in suitable and unsuitable. When the user scroll down, the app provides the source of the data and more information about the dangers of ‘Escherichia coli’. I believe that with this app people will be more aware of how we are polluting our environment and I hope that in the near future with this information every single pin of the app turn to blue and keep it that way.